Modularize, update, and enhance user focus of the "Architecture" part of Planning_for_Project (#2607)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_project-server-overview.adoc

[id="{ProjectServerID}-Overview_{context}"]
= {ProjectServerTitle} Overview

> The {ProjectServer} is the central component of a {Project} deployment where you plan and manage the content life cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {ProjectServer} is the central component of a {Project} deployment where you plan and manage the content lifecycle.
```

A typical {Project} deployment includes one {ProjectServer} on which you perform the following operations:

> * Content life cycle management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Content lifecycle management
```

> * Configuration of {SmartProxyServers} and managed hosts through GUI, CLI, and API

Reviewer: I would not mix managing Smart Proxy Servers and Clients. It's also missing FAM

> * System provisioning

Reviewer: Please reword "system".

* Patch management
* Subscription management

> The {ProjectServer} delegates content distribution, host provisioning, and communication to the {SmartProxyServers}.

Reviewer: We generally don't say "_the_ ProjectServer" or "_the_ SmartProxyServer".

> The {ProjectServer} itself also includes a default, integrated {SmartProxyServer}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, your {ProjectServer} includes an integrated {SmartProxy}.
```

{ProjectServer} also contains a fine-grained authentication system.

> You can grant {Project} operators permissions to access precisely the parts of the infrastructure for which they are responsible.

Reviewer: Maybe add a link to https://docs.theforeman.org/nightly/Administering_Project/index-katello.html#Managing_Users_and_Roles_admin

[id="{ProjectServerID}-Overview_{context}"]
= {ProjectServerTitle} overview

{ProjectServer} is the central component of a {Project} deployment where you plan and manage the content lifecycle.

A typical {Project} deployment includes one {ProjectServer} on which you perform the following operations:

* Content lifecycle management
* Configuration of {SmartProxyServers}

> * Configuration of managed hosts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configuration of hosts
```

* Host provisioning
* Patch management
* Subscription management

{ProjectServer} delegates content distribution, host provisioning, and communication to {SmartProxyServers}.

> {ProjectServer} itself also includes a default, integrated {SmartProxyServer}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ProjectServer} itself also includes a {SmartProxy}.
```

alternative: "{ProjectServer} itself also acts as s {SmartProxyServer}."

{ProjectServer} also contains a fine-grained authentication system.

> You can grant {Project} operators permissions to access precisely the parts of the infrastructure for which they are responsible.

Reviewer: operators > users?

Author: Applied.

.Additional resources

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * See {AdministeringDocURL}Managing_Users_and_Roles_admin[_Managing Users and Roles_] in {AdministeringDocTitle} for information about managing permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For more information about managing permissions, see {AdministeringDocURL}Managing_Users_and_Roles_admin[Managing Users and Roles] in _{AdministeringDocTitle}_.
```
